# database_diagram
Students will sign up for a mix of coding classes, and projects. Coding would be taught using Scratch, Processing, Python, Java and JavaScript. Each project would be based on a microcontroller - Arduino, Raspberry Pi, BeagleBoard or micro:bit. Students pay a single flat fee at the beginning, for the entire curriculum.
Instructors (faculty) would teach a variety of coding classes throughout the day, and also oversee projects when they are not teaching. Each coding class has a textbook. An instructor might specify a textbook for more than one class that he/she teaches (eg. the same Python book could be used for Python I and for Python II). A class would have multiple instructors, and each instructor could potentially use a different text (their favorite) for the same class (which those multiple instructors would teach).
Instructors would get paid based on hours they teach, and hours they supervise projects (the supervision pays a higher rate); all instructors are paid identical rates.
Projects are done in shared fashion, ie. as a group (typically containing 4 students who all sign up for a common project, eg. a 'Building an arcade game using a Raspberry Pi'). Students would sit around large, square, numbered tables (1,2..) assigned to them, to work on projects; at the start of the term, each table would be provided a big plastic storage box containing all the parts for the project the students will work on; at the end of the term, students will return all the parts presumably in good working order, otherwise they would be charged for damaged items.
Each project would require parts specific to it - a microcontroller, and extra hardware such as wheels, motors, sensors, LEDs, switches, enclosures, etc. The owners of the institution plan to order project parts from several online suppliers (such as SparkFun, adafruit etc.) - there is expected to be multiple orders placed with multiple vendors, to procure all the items.
There are several rooms that will be available for the classes and projects - students will be provided a schedule that will list where and when these will be.
There is a small library that contains books about electronics, coding, etc. A student can check out up to 4 books at a time, which need to be returned in 2 weeks.
At the end of the curriculum, students will be required to rate their instructors, courses, and projects, using a single score for each (one to five stars).
